docs: Added ReactJS Bangalore to React (#24)
thisdot/tech-meetups: README.md

- [React.js Girls](https://www.meetup.com/ReactJS-Girls-London/) - React.js Girls aims to voice women engineers who want to learn and teach their experience using React. All are welcomed!
- [Reactjsday](https://2022.reactjsday.it/) - reactjsday is the Italian React conference, organized by GrUSP. The event’s goal is to allow all React developers to meet and share experience while having fun and networking in an enjoyable context.
- [State of React](https://www.reactjsmeetup.com/#/) - State of React is a React meetup hosted multiple times a year by This Dot Media. Join a panel of React experts, enthusiasts, and contributors and get the opportunity to ask questions live!

> - [ReactJS Bangalore](https://www.meetup.com/ReactJS-Bangalore/) - ReactJS Bangalore organize meetups and workshops regularly to share knowledge and experiences about react ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ReactJS Bangalore](https://www.meetup.com/ReactJS-Bangalore/) - ReactJS Bangalore organizes meetups and workshops regularly to share knowledge and experiences about the React ecosystem.
```

> - [ReactJS Bangalore](https://www.meetup.com/ReactJS-Bangalore/) - ReactJS Bangalore organize meetups and workshops regularly to share knowledge and experiences about react ecosystem.

Reviewer: This entry is out of order.
Please place it just after React Alicante

Author: Hey All the required changes are done.
